README.md, before:

# grafit

> Shared Knowledge

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/grafit-io/grafit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/grafit-io/grafit) 
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/grafit-io/grafit/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/grafit-io/grafit)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit?ref=badge_shield)

grafit is an MIT-licensed web app that allows teams to store, share and search knowledge in an effective way. With intelligent relation detection, different data sources are presented and searchable at one central entry point.

## Features

## Getting started

Install Docker [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/) / [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/)

Clone this repo and run:

```bash
docker-compose up
```

Go to [http://localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001) to read the docs.

Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to start the app.

## Docker Container

### Configuration

## Contribute

## License

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit?ref=badge_large)

Commit message:

feat(doc): add contribution guidelines, CoC and features to readme

README.md, after:



# grafit

> Shared Knowledge

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/grafit-io/grafit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/grafit-io/grafit) 
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/grafit-io/grafit/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/grafit-io/grafit)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit?ref=badge_shield)

grafit is an MIT-licensed web app that allows teams to store, share and search knowledge in an effective way. With intelligent relation detection, different data sources are presented and searchable at one central entry point.

## Features

:memo: store text in nodes  
:collision: text is analysed and relations to other nodes are learned  
:satellite: urls within the text are crawled an the content is saved  
:mag: full-text search  
:busts_in_silhouette: workspaces for managing access to group of nodes  

## Getting started

Install Docker [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/) / [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/)

Clone this repo and run:

```bash
docker-compose up
```

Go to [http://localhost:8001](http://localhost:8001) to read the docs.

Go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to start the app.

## Contribute

Berfore contributing, please have a look at our [Code Of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fgrafit-io%2Fgrafit?ref=badge_large)
